README.md, before:

## Hi! I'm Astuti :)
🏰 I'm a 3rd year CS student at GRIET, Hyderabad <br/>
🫀 i love hackathons (7x winner) and that's my primary use of github - storing, collaborating and working on projects with my team!<br/>
✨ i yap a lot on Linkedin if you want to say hi<br/>
👾 my projects are all about tech for social good - mostly mobile apps :3 <br/>


## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/astuti-sinha-595286299/) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![Dart](https://img.shields.io/badge/dart-%230175C2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=dart&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![R](https://img.shields.io/badge/r-%23276DC3.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=r&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase) ![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-a08021?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=ffcd34) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white) ![Cisco](https://img.shields.io/badge/cisco-%23049fd9.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=cisco&logoColor=black)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=itsastutiii&theme=radical&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=itsastutiii&theme=radical&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=itsastutiii&theme=radical&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
<!--
**itsastutiii/itsastutiii** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Update student status and repo usage context in README
Updated status from 3rd year to final year CS student and added context about private repos.

README.md, after:

## Hi! I'm Astuti :)
🏰 I'm a final year CS student at GRIET, Hyderabad <br/>
🫀 i love hackathons (7x winner) and that's my primary use of github - storing, collaborating and working on projects with my team! (it's also why most repos are private - when you're on a 24hr deadline, sometimes API keys get pushed with code :P)<br/>
✨ i yap a lot on Linkedin if you want to say hi<br/>
👾 my projects are all about tech for social good - mostly mobile apps :3 <br/>


## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/astuti-sinha-595286299/) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![Dart](https://img.shields.io/badge/dart-%230175C2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=dart&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![R](https://img.shields.io/badge/r-%23276DC3.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=r&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase) ![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-a08021?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=ffcd34) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white) ![Cisco](https://img.shields.io/badge/cisco-%23049fd9.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=cisco&logoColor=black)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=itsastutiii&theme=radical&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=itsastutiii&theme=radical&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=itsastutiii&theme=radical&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
<!--
**itsastutiii/itsastutiii** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
